1) What do you envision yourself doing 5 minutes before class starts each day, to ensure that you are ready to start on time?
2) Do you have a second monitor connected to your computer?
3) Do you have an external keyboard and mouse?
4) How do you plan to take notes for this class-in a doc on your computer, with pen and paper, or something else?
5) What is one question that you have right now, about this course generally or about a specific topic we'll be talking about?

1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question? The conclusion I can come to based on the responses to these questions how prepared mentally, physically and technically students are for this course. I can also indicate who may be stuck or need clarifications. 

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved? Yes the default visualization is helpful. A place it can be improved is by organizing it. Set the response so those who put yes are together, those who put no is together and those who put other responses (sentence) are together. This makes it easier to read the data.

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these? When you click on those responses the words immediately go to the function format. Or each selection gets its own section. The tricky part about this that it will be hard to filter. You would have to read the comment carefully and then determine if it belong in the yes category or no category.

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided? You would have to read the comment carefully and then determine if it belong in the yes category or no category. This goes into knowing the exact meaning of the question. 

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey? You could add a specific option besides other. For example for the question "Do you have a second monitor connected to your computer?" Besides "yes" or "no" and other; add another option for "second device(laptop/tablet/Ipad)". 

Next respond to the below questions:

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses? It surprised me just how many people have a second monitor or device.

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about? One idea I might try to include is recentering and getting my mind ready to learn. 

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
in how you approach teaching this class? When looking at the survey I noticed a lot more people write down their notes so being mindful for that while I teach I will make sure I am not talking too fast. Another I noticed is most have either a second monitor or device this could open chances to more hands on activities.

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.) I think this survey was helpful in terms of making sure and seeing where all my students are at. By keeping the names anonymous this helps so their is no biases. Also students can feel more comfortable when answering the questions. 
