1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this? The U.S. Government's Open Data

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed? 402,363 datasets found

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category? I think these were tagged with the Human health category because it all mainly involves food or anything that has a significant impact on human health. 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA? They give a link to the references, USDA, and Metadata source.

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned? City of New York & Stae of New York.

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results? All results now have the word nutrition in it. Giving the result that all datasets are now specifically going to be focusing on nutrition.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for. 

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website. 

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result? It gives you some helpful links and related resources. When you click on a result it goes deeper into the information and background of that food.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available? On this page you can find links for documentation for each data type. It also shows the latest downloads, historical downloads as well as releases and download notes. 